Well, I've always thought that we could not only clean
the energy, but we could, for example,
replace it with gas,
for example.
This is a double effect.
First of all, when you use gas, for example, 40
% less choice,
this is a double effect.
There is a change in the heat, which you get.
I remember that the company had a blumenorge.
She, as I said, brought gas to the
energy without burning, I think.
That is, it is very interesting.
No, well, it is possible.
All sorts of technological opportunities.
It is important to understand everything about it.
But for Kazakhstan, where all the locals used to use
gas,
even for energy.
Without the technology, you know, the prices increase in technology.
It is also a separate discussion.
And I also thought that the transition to gas, I
had a discussion with foreign experts, scientists.
They said, no, it is a gas exchange.
It is also bad.
You can exchange it, please.
Well, let's go to the door.
So, then I came to such a position.
Well, now I will say more.
And how can we get out of the room?
So, you need to think, maybe there is a chemistry,
they are also talking about it.
Well, and as an energy seriously, we can not leave
it.
I think, but there is a technology of an angle.
They are more clean.
So,
for us, it is quite simple.
And when we talk about net zero, then in the
60s.
Most likely, we all elements should be used.
I started to move somewhere, to the gas, somewhere,
to the clean and angle.
Somewhere, let's call the energy.
And, finally, there is an atom energy.
Yes, which is also considered a non -human.
And so,
especially all the energy we need to use to achieve
this.
Plus, we have a lot of territory, which allows us
to build artificial forests there and so on.
And then, we have to compensate those choices that we
are going to produce.
We have a safe energy.
We sell energy resources, we live on them.
I have such feelings, I am not an economist, I
do not try to be a scientist, but I do
not.
When many people say that this is a commercialization, our
next step is a commercialization.
Just sell energy from Syria.
And sell energy from Syria.
So, to produce energy, it is already clean energy to
bring it to other countries.
That is the way it is.
That is, it is a good, end product of pre
-work, as it is said.
Just take it and say that if you sell energy
to other countries,
if you are going to re -enact it in the
end product.
You sell energy from the hours, right?
Yes.
Maybe it is even our mission to create this kind
of energy.
Or you can come back to the energy from the
hours, like, to make a Bhutan with Bitcoin?
Yes.
That is, it is our product.
Of course, it is a natural product.
When you are from Syria, you produce the end product
of the video, like, in the hours, or something like
that.
That is why I think it would be strategic.
And around this, you can create a small business.
As for modern, high technologies, which allows you
to create a small business,
then there is, of course, without talking about countries, it
is impossible, because one of them is possible.
The discussion of the questions that you have raised, during
the conversation, I raised it, because I am not very
sorry.
I said that there is an intellectual property, that is,
there is an intellectual property,
which is the value of any new technology.
And if you are good at countries,
this part will be less, then we, countries that, let's
say,
are growing further,
could not create the next technology, and through the process
of making technologies.
And so, where nobody is enough, you can buy, let's
say, a new technology,
three years, a year or so, instead of buying today.
So, it is like in the news, you are doing
modern news, or you have no idea what to say,
you are cleaning your hands there, so there is the
same thing here, but they did not come here, so,
therefore, in this time, this topic, I think, is located
on such a large scale.
What is the question?
Well, for some kind of advantage, that there is no
danger at all, that is, they want to control themselves.
Yes, that is, it is already, and right now, there
was such a disfigured discussion, such a technology was created
in the committee, in front of this convention, and I,
so, definitely raised the question,
and started with the same thing, between developing countries, developing
countries, discussions, and now, you have more and more questions,
do not understand, say, you are the same, do not
understand,
that if we all change the climate, so, everyone, you
should have the main part, this is a 35 -year
-old attitude, but you will always be, if you do
not share IP, yes, yes, you will not be able
to communicate with the government.
So, this is the moment, and then, the story showed,
I will say, China just took everything, yes, without permission,
yes, without permission, yes, they did not fear.
Yes,
tell me, I mentioned you at the energy field, yes,
now, America, very,
let's say, hits the wall, because China is just incredibly
aggressive, creates an atmosphere,
so we know that France is completely on the S,
the main point of the energy field, China is going
to produce a incredible number, but, IS, at some kind
of incredible pace, America is very, for, for, for,
for, for, for, for, for, for, for, for, for, for,
for, for, for, for, for,
for, for, for, for,
to know the difference.
Is you what were you doing?
, what are the mine?
in this example,
here at the
He read the lecture by all youths, by all Asians,
by the influence of the energy.
In my opinion, it was somewhere between Kusim and Kusim.
Yes,
it was Marta Rinsenko.
And he read the big lecture about
the support that the population grows in these regions.
The energy still needs a lot of knowledge.
And he was able to propaganda.
In America, of Stanford.
We talked a lot,
talked a lot.
It was very interesting.
I told him about Chernobyl, and he told me about
it.
And then, at least now, he will talk about three
things.
He told me about the country of London, where there
were three islands.
There was also his own.
It was his own island.
Yes, it was his island.
It was just between the two.
But he was really saying that the countries with the
power of the population are not afraid of the energy.
And this is an American understanding of this moment.
I think there are three of them.
There are more than three of them.
Maybe it's a very competitive island.
I don't care about the control of the population.
It's not about the population.
But it's true.
People don't grow, they need to live.
And then, again, the migration.
Well, the question is, can they live with it?
Yes.
So the energy was always in the air.
It was criticized at the beginning of the climate team.
And then, today, they agreed to believe that this is
not a natural energy.
It exists.
We need to use it.
And what we are now looking at now is the
same thing.
Because one thing is to sell the Uranium.
The other thing is to sell the Uranium.
And to sell the Uranium.
There are more models of AS, which are already in
exportation, which are not possible in general.
Those are theoretical.
Yes.
Well, there are three pluses.
They call them.
So there are models that can be safe.
And it's impossible to refuse.
In this sense, there is a balance.
And I think that when the European Union refused, there
were not many.
In France,
Belgium, etc.
But Germany refused.
Germany refused.
Italy refused.
And now they are starting to look at each other.
It seems to me that the Italians, today, are already
deficit energy.
They are already buying energy.
And I think that some movements are starting.
And the more technology has been developed.
And I think that this is also an element that
we will do, that we will start to look at.
This is an element.
Let's talk about TerraMascintus.
I remember that in the 23rd year there was a
conference.
It was in the Olin Summit.
And there were two companies.
The main company, Commonwealth Fusion Energy and Helio Energy.
Then I heard about TerraMascintus.
But then, in the framework of this election, I just
got inspired.
That is, the topic that they are engaged in.
They have already made 20 companies.
That is, they are not in the history of Facebook
or Instagram.
It is such a silent, huge technical work.
They are in the end, they are doing experiments.
Well, in fact, you need to create a reaction that
occurs on the Sun.
You need to do it on the Earth.
And if they can achieve it.
That is, it is a incredible product.
I would like to talk about your experience with TerraMascintus.
TerraMascintus.
I would like to talk about TerraMascintus.
Well, I have always started.
I didn't read the election.
I started talking about such things.
Yes.
People, in general,
created an atom reactor, an atom station,
an atom reactor, and then a atom bomb was created.
In the meanwhile, something went wrong.
I started making a nuclear bomb.
And then they tried to do it.
They thought that everything would be easy to achieve.
Right.
In the 50s, everything was covered in this activity.
And there are two directions.
One is a nuclear bomb.
It is a nuclear reactor, which is heated there.
And the temperature is reached.
That is why we are going to the next level.
Yes,
we are going to the next level.
For the wide public.
It is very simple.
Well, if you have a simple gas,
and you start to populate it into the air,
then the charge is divided into more than a minute.
That is, with the neutral atoms, the nuclear bomb is
formed.
The plasma is basically a gas with a separate
charge.
It is not important.
That is, the word is a black state.
There is a black state.
It is a black state.
Yes, it is a gas.
Yes, a gas is a plasma.
It is a state.
Yes, there is a state.
It is a practically a state of existence.
But it is charged with electrical power.
And this happens when a gas is heated,
and the electron is separated from the heat.
And it turns out this.
There are a lot of light.
There are light, and so on.
The gas is charged.
This is like a building.
That is, it is a black state.
Yes, it is a black state.
It is a black state.
And in the very small part, the light is already
in the TV channel.
In the atmosphere, the plasma channel is created.
Yes,
that is.
And about two approaches, one approach,
as I said.